[Music]
They've canceled a guy who's passing my
kids how are you well we
're here well the channel where
all the forms of the moment are discussed they haven't
canceled one for being sexist
I'm afraid to press play
thanks to the gift filia thank you very much
king I have it here on the clicker I'm
really afraid to press play let's
see why they founded it I mean I have
here the clip of a person whose whose I
can't pronounce in tweets okay I mean
the steals clothes is the word
with m and I can't pronounce it in tweets
but okay let's see here the click of what
euro said in play about the friend codes
judge for yourselves
don't look at other friends friends are
the sons of [ __ ]
sorry someone had to say
the friends who take away their cell phone [ __ ] I mean
this is good I know a few and
on youtube I know some some or
some they some some these
cases happen I mean there are people who get
close to another to make friends and
then they take away their boyfriend or
girlfriend or friends or if it happened to me
young and I [ __ ] myself like that totally he said he's
right I mean
friends
you have friends like that javi good time right
for that I would have to have friends
for that I would have to have friends if not I don't have
them I don't have friends I'm
always going to have a place here for
you and you are my friends don't
take my girlfriend away from me please let's see I'm going to
go back writing what euros says
for following us completely okay but he said do
n't look at other friends friends are the
sons of [ __ ] friend who steal
girlfriends from other friends they are not friends they are sons
of [ __ ] I'm
sorry someone had to say it we have to
respect them we have to
always respect it so
literally it did
n't take ten seconds and
what he said seems very logical to me no we should not
share in this life neither the
toothbrush nor the comb nor the underwear nor
the passwords nor the girlfriends there
are many women in the world just as if it
were the other way around or in the case of
women so that they don't know so that they don't
pigeonhole us here as sexist no girls girls
if your friend has a boyfriend look
at other boys if your friend has
a girlfriend look at other unless
you are interested in  something specific clear
since there we are already talking about another
very long topic to debate okay but
specifically the key is what you want sauron
play there
are codes to the code friends and friends there
are codes
and ex girlfriends or girlfriends
totally in fact before the
word in
fact man let's see it can happen it
can happen in a remote case
remote not so remote
when you are
older if you have a friend who is your
friend but a real friend does not use
a colleague an acquaintance in famed now there
is an acquaintance has a girlfriend and you
get along with both of them both are
acquaintances leave it in time it comes to it is
you are with that person if with an
acquaintance our friend nothing happens you do not
owe him allegiance or owe him anything or in other words
these cases respect while he is
with her but if he is no longer with her
photo there you can enter if he is not your friend
but he was a friend friend friend friend a friend
true friend what is the
word friends it is not the most spoke
precisely we spoke about it with aura a
dispute when your vagina the word friend
is something more no no no it is not a simple it is not
a simple colleague to an acquaintance not the
word  friend is something no then
for me I think it would even be weird to no longer not
take his girlfriend but to
be with the ex
even not the ex of a friend does not fit it
is not like weird it
is not as if now suddenly then you have
always liked your friend's girlfriend you
always looked at them with different eyes and
now that she is free the entries do not or
that you do not see it the same it is as if you
hook up with a cousin because she is a
person who has been like the family that is
chosen no now suddenly you do not fit
god there are many people in life there
are many people in the world
as to have to look at the partner
of a friend check check it is
respected
even if it is an ex girlfriend it is respected these
are basic codes
and where is it here the media will
cancel for this let's see judge for
yourselves I
mean remove the quality click laugh if you
want with those here they are not their owners
friends who are canceling them because you
are objectifying women but yes it is
not about men and women look I
knew I was going and there I poured and that is why I
was using as an example men or
women friends or girlfriends who take their
boyfriends friends or who steal
girlfriends from friends that's why dude it's not
about man or woman or if it's about
a woman and another woman
a woman who has a partner a woman and
another woman that her friend steals her
partner it's not about men or
women and such it's about respecting
the people you love and lessons I
appreciate I do
n't know about you I would give you austere I would give to
be with your brother's boyfriend or ex boyfriend
imagine you have a
brother a girlfriend who has been with
your brother for two or three years and then
you're with her the airs I know cases
that exist but man I
considered that there are a lot of people in the
world dude I
consider that there are a lot of people in the
world time to have to get to that
or to have to do that no anyway my
girls your exes are not your owners that
thing about respecting friends is just a
sexist social construction that sees
women as an object of belonging let's
see
no no it's not like that dude it's not about an
object of belonging
evidently it's not about belonging
while you're in the relationship it's about
respect and then if you when
your friend is no longer with his girlfriend he sticks his
neck out to that girlfriend you didn't see that
girlfriend as your friend's girlfriend you already
saw her as if you liked her that she was hot it's
not about belonging it's about
respect for your neighbor
and be very careful be
very careful it's about
attraction I can tell you
a million from
above I can tell you dozens of
wives of my colleagues maybe of
colleagues that I say twin how pretty how cute
how cute this girl is but I
don't see it as sexual attraction because
the relationship is like the partner of
someone I appreciate you
catch me now if it's someone I don't
appreciate who I don't give a
[ __ ] about then tomorrow if it's
directed neck only sticks but here
what refers to gold is friends the
word friend I think the other day
we made it clear it's not exactly in the
interview we were talking about and
search click and they put it
but what desire to complain about
[ __ ]
if a friend from sussex likes you are
free to be with you just give the
most expensive hay and if you want to be
with your cousins then you can too  being
with your cousins I'm free I stop to
see these things when I'm a kid and
adolescence happens a lot because those
groups of kids between 13 and 16
or 17 you know like that they ask themselves groups of
friends and maybe relationships last
what I tell you a week a week
maybe I was with someone who maybe
lasts two weeks and maybe another
friend of mine has been with her and it lasted
two months you know what I'm telling you it's
different we're talking it's not
relevant but what do you think of the youtuber do you like
him neither good nor bad nor good also I
didn't have much interaction with him some
you and I think we've crossed paths on some
occasion I think some comment on
some video shows a video that he came out
but I don't remember if it was what it was I think I
think
objectives fusing with dalmau well
no problem I know he
gets along with friends of mine like for
example paulito
well no problem I don't like what he
does because I don't consider it to be very
healthy I don't think I'm wrong
well well here we don't come to accuse
anyone of crimes if you feel
scammed then go to  where I have to go
but in favor of not putting those things on
the chapo that I respect all my
colleagues I have said it many times
man and I really am not going to worship you
because I do not feel like removing the
screen now because if recording a video
anyway how to be free if we are
talking about other ages
we are talking about other ages
not necessarily talking about other
ages but man now he is my age
then we think about friends in our
time of our generation of our of
our fifth obviously each one is
13 14 years old it happens because
us is with your neighbor it lasted
two weeks maybe then your neighbor after
two months falls in love with a friend of
yours or you end up as friends that has happened to us
too it has happened to me
girls that I have been with or a fling or
whatever and in the end we have said no no
yes it is that we do not like each other we are good
friends and we have ended up good friends and
I introduced her to friends and went out with
friends that when you are young place it is
normal to know them reguln even a little
more
permissible let's say permissible but they
talk about older and mature people for
a second
then if now it ends
alive
he will decide who she will go out with or
who to share her with as if she were an
object
here it is that here it is you who
is objectifying a woman okay like
who to share her with obviously
not obviously biden could be with
whoever he wanted but the truth is that
it would be a little ugly not a little strange and
although each case is world and it can be
understood that suddenly he
was vigil with
-juan guarnizo who are friends
but I know that there is in proposing him as a friend
of aurum in real life
I see it strange
but the case can arise it depends as I
also tell you that it depends on how
the situation goes I understand that now there
is referring to someone who is
putting his neck around your relative while
you are with her that is what I
am understanding in the euro click
but it depends on how the situation goes maybe
you are with a girl for a year
two years
and it breaks up jce and after the
next few months you feel nothing for her and
suddenly I see you friend says hey I'm in
love with a creative that I like what does
n't he tries while he hesitates I tell him
clearly of course that if I don't feel  for she
knows it depends a lot on each
situation but obviously I think that
the auro click refers to a
very specific climate I have met people
both in real life and on the internet
who have gone as friends of other people and
then it turns out that when the relative picks up the relative
you know how audio
is a little strange it gives the impression
that you have approached to steal his
girlfriend or to steal his boyfriend I mean
both to both genders because no
time to mess around he did
n't say anything bad he is right that is not
the macho come on less tweets and more
psychology courses
of course because all these people on twitter
is that on twitter they appear to you by
dates and that's where
comic book experts appear
experts in kobe another day what is the name of the
volcano experts the other day I
published a 9 percent rob of
course about that volcanologists volcanologists
what are the volcano experts like
thanks irina a hug from the heart
today you can't say my relative
about this video they are going to cancel me no matter what
volcanologists volcanologists don't be well there are
no more  volcanologists now you know what it is there are
experts in social networks in
experts in social networks and in hacking
and experts in dns so that
social networks do not fall as they had close to
whatsapp the moment that
guasa instagram came back and all this facebook thing
now today
hacker experts do not let you no and here on
twitter there are experts in everything
surely this girl who is 13 14
years old
knows a lot about psychology
surely a call because she makes you
teach things about life
the other one is just as possessive as him anyway Nazis Nazis and at
another level she is already like the
other one is just as possessive as him anyway Nazis Nazis
or I mean what the [ __ ] is that coherent how
good a Nazi with machismo no
machismo with a comment that
seems bad to you watts my head explodes
with the people on twitter seriously anyway
as it has always been known how shitty a
machista auron play is what else has he
said in his life to a play that can
appear the slightest bit more chicha if it is
the most family friendly since  for years you
can throw it in your [ __ ] face, I
mean, if I could have made a
comment when in 2014 some in
fact don't stand out, surely some
will have done like I did but it
's not exactly remarkable, nothing is
self-employed it has been the past so strong
more than the heavy jokes of black humor
the true red flag Beijing in your
next live wear pink if you're
in danger
well
now a person who calls themselves Nazis
this is crazy it's twitter it's [ __ ]
[ __ ] I'll
give you a little context of the clip it was
a donation made by a guy who
apparently his best friend was with his ex-
partner or something like that the clip should be a
little longer
if the context
is that each one depends on the situation but
man these things apart from being ridiculous
because they look totally ridiculous the
tweets I mean you're reading you're
reading the tweets you see there's
someone here in my [ __ ] tailcoat I
see these three as someone being
serious
because when I when when I'm
reading this nonsense the truth is
that listening
absolutely nobody to take seriously it
seems to me listening to Irene Montero
saying the children not even in English
boys girls childhood well
nothing are funny people just
funny if you want to know
that depends a good part of what is being
given in the video which of course
depends a lot on the situation
of the timing of the moment of the relationship it
is not the same maybe your lifelong girlfriend
your girlfriend is a decade than your
girlfriend of three months with whom they exempt and you
are getting along well you have had a
pretty bad relationship or rather
very huilo huilo huilo I love it because
every day at least
the culture of cancellation is losing more steam and in fact they are
increasingly portrayed because
when they are canceled when they are
canceled they experience it firsthand
what the culture of the song and these
are kids that l that loves it
seems that these people on Twitter are
given a medal for being more feminist or a
pat on the back for saying those
things as if they want validation from the
people who think like that and as if it
made them better people well I do
not take away a comma what has been
said has taken away my farewell but
literally as a family member let me
what you think the comments box I
send you a hug  huge and until the
next video
[Music]